# Contributions
### Formatted and organized Python GUI using Tkinter
Tkinter is somewhat of a challenge to use as there isn't much documentation on it. The documentation at [effbot.org](https://effbot.org/tkinterbook/) was very helpful in setting up and organizing the GUI.
I organized all the text from the APIs into frames to display the information, as well as implemented various other functions, such as using the ESC key to exit the fullscreen GUI. Once it was all set up, everything ran exactly how I envisioned it; simple, only having to run the SmartMirror.py file to perform all of the smart mirror functions.
### Implemented Google Assistant and built smart mirror
I set up a Raspberry Pi to run the Google Assistant SDK in the background while running the GUI. It was pretty straightforward as I followed a tutorial online.
To round out the project, I worked with Bobby and Alex to build the smart mirror and attach the LCD screen to the frame, as well as apply mirror film to plexiglass. The mirror didn't come out exactly as I thought because the plexiglass we used was too thin and ended up warping a bit when we attached it to the frame. The LCD that we used was also not very bright, so when there is a lot of light in the environment it is kind of hard to read the text. The mirror film also had some imperfections in it as well. However, the smart mirror worked very well and looked pretty awesome. If I were to build it again, I would build the mirror with thicker plexiglass(or use an actual two way mirror, but that's very expensive) and a brighter/newer display.
